Release 3.2.3 (#5600)
open-formulieren/open-forms: CHANGELOG.rst

    The Dutch version of this changelog can be found :ref:`here <changelog-nl>`.

3.2.3 (2025-09-09)
==================

Regular bugfix release.

.. note:: This release contains the `report_duplication_merchant_pspids.py` script.
   This script allows administrators to detect Ogone merchants that have the same
   `pspid` value. As support for Ogone legacy will end at the end of 2025, this script
   allows administrators to prepare for the migration to Worldline merchants, which will

>    not allow multiple merchants with the same `psid` value.

Reviewer: See remarks for the 3.1.x PR here :)

* [:backend:`4879`] Added a report script to detect duplicate Ogone merchants.

> * [:backend:`5572`] Added a extra filter for the specific form and the family members type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [:backend:`5572`] Fixed a crash in the StUF-ZDS registration plugin when another form has family member components in its configuration.
```

> * Fixed wrong cassette name in the stuf-zds tests for partners component

Reviewer: Not relevant for the changelog

```suggestion
```
